contributions.md, before:

# Contributions by repository  


## Grimoirelab tutorial  
- ### Issues  
    [favicon not appearing on grimoire-lab tutorial website](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/issues/57)   
    > open   

- ### Pull requests

    [Fix for issue number #57](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/58)  
    > open  

    **Understood a good amount of the perceval source code and fixed this:   
              [Fix inconsistency between perceval tutorial and code](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/62)**  
    > merged  

    [Fix link to perceval readme file](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/60)  
    > merged  

    [Fix a link error and a couple of typos](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/59)  
    > merged  
     
    [fix a couple of typos and markdown syntax errors](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/56)  
    > merged    

    [fix typo](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/53)  
    > merged  


## wg-gmd  
- ### Pull requests
    **Worked on the reference implementation [Code_Changes-Git.ipynb](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/88/files#diff-831007f91562e711d3db5566fd863094)**    
    **[Set sort to False based on analysis in pull request #88](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/94)**  
    > merged   
    
    [pass sort=True to df.append() to avoid warning](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/88)  
    > merged  
    
    [Fix a typo](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/87)  
    > merged  

## metrics  
- ### Pull requests 
    [improve readability and fix typos](https://github.com/chaoss/metrics/pull/130)  
    > merged   
    

## governance  
- ### Pull requests  
    [update broken link to sample project](https://github.com/chaoss/governance/pull/79)  
    > merged  
    
    [Fix a small grammatical error](https://github.com/chaoss/governance/pull/78)  
    > merged  
    
## Perceval  
- ### Issues 
    **Understood a good amount of the perceval source code and raised this:   
    [[github] perceval commandline auth by user and assword](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/issues/483)**
    > closed  


## SortingHat  
- ### Pull requests  
    [Fix a few grammatical errors in README.md](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-sortinghat/pull/181)  
    > merged

Commit message:

add recent contributions
Signed-off-by: Aniruddha Karajgi <akarajgi0@gmail.com>
add contribution + fix links

fix link

contributions.md, after:

# Contributions by repository  

Apart from the more tangible ways of contributing (issues and pull requests), I have participated by looking up old unattended issues, fixing broken links in issues and helping other GSOC aspirants by answering their queries in the idea's discussion issue (wg-gmd #81)

    
## Grimoirelab tutorial  
- ### Issues  
    [favicon not appearing on grimoire-lab tutorial website](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/issues/57)   
    > open   

- ### Pull requests

    [Fix for issue number #57](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/58)  
    > open  

    **Understood a good amount of the perceval source code and fixed this:   
              [Fix inconsistency between perceval tutorial and code](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/62)**  
    > merged  

    [Fix link to perceval readme file](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/60)  
    > merged  

    [Fix a link error and a couple of typos](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/59)  
    > merged  
     
    [fix a couple of typos and markdown syntax errors](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/56)  
    > merged    

    [fix typo](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-tutorial/pull/53)  
    > merged  


## wg-gmd  

- ### Issues
    [[metrics] Difference between Proposals_Accepted and Proposal_Acceptance](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/issues/117)

- ### Pull requests
    **Worked on the reference implementation [Code_Changes-Git.ipynb](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/88/files#diff-831007f91562e711d3db5566fd863094)**    
    **[Set sort to False based on analysis in pull request #88](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/94)**  
    > merged   
    
    [pass sort=True to df.append() to avoid warning](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/88)  
    > merged  
    
    [Fix a typo](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/87)  
    > merged  

    [Found a few minor typos while doing research for my proposal](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/115)  
    > open 
    
    [Improve wording and fix a typo](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/114)  
    > merged 
    
    **The proposed changes had been included in an open pull request, submitted a few hours before this one**
    [Found typo while going through the file](https://github.com/chaoss/wg-gmd/pull/113)  
    > closed 

## metrics  
- ### Pull requests 
    [improve readability and fix typos](https://github.com/chaoss/metrics/pull/130)  
    > merged   
    

## governance  
- ### Pull requests  
    [update broken link to sample project](https://github.com/chaoss/governance/pull/79)  
    > merged  
    
    [Fix a small grammatical error](https://github.com/chaoss/governance/pull/78)  
    > merged  
    
## Perceval  
- ### Issues 
    **Understood a good amount of the perceval source code and raised this:   
    [[github] perceval commandline auth by user and assword](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/issues/483)**
    > closed  


## SortingHat  
- ### Pull requests  
    [Fix a few grammatical errors in README.md](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-sortinghat/pull/181)  
    > merged
